
<img src="inst/webapp/www/a2tea_hexsticker.png" align="right" alt="" width="120" />

<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# A2TEA.WebApp

<!-- badges: start -->

[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/tgstoecker/A2TEA.WebApp/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tgstoecker/A2TEA.WebApp/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of the A2TEA.WebApp is to allow exploration, highlighting, and
exporting of the results generated by a A2TEA pipeline run. The core of
the package is a Shiny application that aims to combine phylogenetic,
transcriptomic & functional data and results, in a way that makes it
easier to generate insightful observations. As the A2TEA pipeline
requires the user to formulate hypotheses - for each of which specific
results are produced - the WebApp allows to investigate the genomic
adaptations of one or a subset of the investigated species to the
analyzed treatment condition. The A2TEA.WebApp aims to combine the
benefits of interactivity and reproducibility, e.g. by capturing genes
or orthologous groups of interest bookmarked by the user and allowing
for easy export of plots, tables and complete subsets of the original
input data.

## Installation

You can install the development version of A2TEA.WebApp from GitHub with
either remotes or devtools, e.g.:

``` r
library(remotes)
remotes::install_github("tgstoecker/A2TEA.WebApp", dependencies = TRUE, build_vignettes = TRUE)
```

Note that some system dependencies might have to be installed:

``` r
apt-get update
apt-get update
apt-get install -y libproj-dev xdg-utils --fix-missing
```

You can also circumvent any dependency issue by downloading our

## Quick start

To start the Shiny Application simply load the library, call the
A2TEA_App function and upload a A2TEA.RData file:

``` r
library("A2TEA.WebApp")
A2TEA_App()
```

## Usage overview

You can find the rendered version of the documentation of `A2TEA.WebApp`
at the project website <https://tgstoecker.github.io/A2TEA.WebApp>,
created with `pkgdown`.

## Development

If you encounter a bug, have a usage questions, or want to share ideas
and functionality to make this package better, feel free to file an
[issue](https://github.com/tgstoecker/A2TEA.WebApp/issues).

## License

MIT © Tyll Stöcker
